View it live [here](https://awayfromhomeplanet.github.io/calculator)!

28 May: 
  A very basic calculator. So far it can only handle single-digit whole numbers and the four basic operators. This is the hardest project I've done so far! Took me really long to come up with a system for handling the operator precedence and being able to display the intermediate results while the user is keying in a long equation. Lots of head scratching and flowcharts but it was really fun!

2 June:
  Now supports numbers with multiple digits. This required a complete overhaul of the program's logic as all operations were now conducted within the enterOperator function (whereas before, * and / were done in the enterDigit function.) I rewrote the enterOperator code 5 times to make it as elegant (eh I hope) as possible, which was hard because there are so many combinations of conditions and ways of grouping them. Eventually I gave = its own function which cleaned things up a lot. This is a lot harder than I thought and it's just the beginning !!!

7 June:
  Added the delete button which allows the user to backspace and resume typing anywhere in the expression. Which means the program needs to remember the values of newNum, prevNum, etc at every step. So I got rid of those 6 variables and replaced them with 4 arrays: one for storing all freshly entered numbers (formerly newNum), one for intermediate results to be used in the next step (formerly prevNum), one for operators (newOp and prevOp), and one to hold the indexes of the last skipped term at each step (skippedOp and skippedNum). The index, i, of the arrays is incremented after entering each operator. The delete button simply decrements i and pops off the end of each array when an operator is deleted. A problem though: you can't backspace after pressing =.